patreon this is a video about it
patreon is a wonderful service where you
can help support your favorite producers
productions like me and other people but
especially me
why do I keep turning
you can chip in as much as you want per
video I make and if you're worried I'll
make too much in a month you can set a
cap now stop moving the camera and you
can actually get stopped for helping out
how long should I hold this stupid smile
you can get things like early episodes
mid-roll free meaning no add
interruptions in the middle of the video
or get your name in the credits as a
patreon funder or make me cover
something of your evil desires with more
money to put towards my shows I'll be
able to improve them as impossible as
that sounds haha and get more materials
for them and we're super important
bootleg a knock off junk like these
meaning more bootleg comedy where Sub
Zero happily covers bootlegs and
knock-offs
playing with your stupid toys that's
what I'm rollin a tattoo now Halloween
II in the movies where a guy with a
giant skull is confused at horror films
and cartoons welcome to hello win and
the Snuffy has a winner in the movie
allow me to start off with my final
thoughts
these movies are sure awesome that
didn't even make sense
and of course the bailiffs Super Show
where I talk about patreon each episode
patreon is good or I'll just stick with
my actual shows my review show fayliss
in the movies yet apparently actually
call it that now bootlegs zones
featuring the very best of the worst
bootlegs and knockoffs Halloweeny the
confused halloween show host who often
has issues with his producers and
whatever other videos I do which there
should be more of and will include
retrospectives on Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles and ghostbusters so please check
out my patreon your support is very much
appreciate and will mean better
productions and thank you so much if you
decide my silly buddies were supporting
Jackie Chan endorses this video almost
as much as he endorses favor clones